Add IOG contracts (#290)
runtimeverification/plutus-core-semantics: IOG-contracts/native-tokens/README.md

# Native tokens contracts

## Introduction

The contracts in this directory implement minting policies for native

> tokens. Contract `Free.hs` implements the trivial policy that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tokens. The contract `Free.hs` implements the trivial policy that
```

> generates true to every input. Contract `NFT.hs` is a more elaborated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generates true to every input, whereas the `NFT.hs` contract is a more elaborate
```

one for non-fungible native tokens. They are originally available from
the Plutus Pioneer Program. 

## How to generate policies for native tokens

1. Follow instructions at issue
   [#285](https://github.com/runtimeverification/plutus-core-semantics/issues/285)
   to get `nix`, `plutus` and `plutus-apps` up and running in your
   system, if necessary.

> 2. Change to `plutus-semantics/native-tokens/native-tokens`.

Reviewer 2: this should be `plutus-semantics/IOG-contracts/native-tokens/native-tokens`
